>>> GOOD EVENING, CHRIS. I FEEL LIKE TIME HAS LOST ALL
I FEEL LIKE TIME HAS LOST ALL MEANING AT THIS POINT.
MEANING AT THIS POINT. WHAT AN AMAZE DAIG IN THE NEWS.
WHAT AN AMAZE DAIG IN THE NEWS. THANKS, MY FRIEND.
THANKS, MY FRIEND. AND THANKS TO YOU AT HOME FOR
AND THANKS TO YOU AT HOME FOR JOINING US THIS HOUR.
JOINING US THIS HOUR. ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT. AS CHRIS SAID, TIME HAS LOST
AS CHRIS SAID, TIME HAS LOST MEANING.
MEANING. THINGS ARE GOING BOTH FASTER AND
THINGS ARE GOING BOTH FASTER AND SLOWER THAN IT SEEMS THEY OUT
SLOWER THAN IT SEEMS THEY OUT TO.
TO. BUT TODAY IS A HISTORIC DAY FOR
BUT TODAY IS A HISTORIC DAY FOR A MILLION DIFFERENT REASONS, AND
A MILLION DIFFERENT REASONS, AND LET’S TRY TO MAKE SOME SENSE OF
LET’S TRY TO MAKE SOME SENSE OF IT TOGETHER.
IT TOGETHER. I WANT TO START TONIGHT WITH
I WANT TO START TONIGHT WITH SOME OF WHAT WE SAW TODAY WITH
SOME OF WHAT WE SAW TODAY WITH THE WAY I THINK TODAY WENT AND
THE WAY I THINK TODAY WENT AND WHAT WAS JUST THIS SPRAWLING,
WHAT WAS JUST THIS SPRAWLING, GUT-WRENCHING EMOTIONAL HEARING.
GUT-WRENCHING EMOTIONAL HEARING. AFTER WE TALK ABOUT SORT OF WHAT
AFTER WE TALK ABOUT SORT OF WHAT I THINK HAPPENED TODAY, WE’RE
I THINK HAPPENED TODAY, WE’RE GOING TO TALK A LITTLE BIT ABOUT
GOING TO TALK A LITTLE BIT ABOUT WHAT’S GOING TO HAPPEN BECAUSE
WHAT’S GOING TO HAPPEN BECAUSE OF THIS HEARING TODAY, WHERE
OF THIS HEARING TODAY, WHERE THIS IS ALL LIKELY TO GO.
THIS IS ALL LIKELY TO GO. BUT IN TERMS OF -- IN TERMS OF
BUT IN TERMS OF -- IN TERMS OF WHAT HAPPENED TODAY, THIS IS ALL
WHAT HAPPENED TODAY, THIS IS ALL OUT OF CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER,
OUT OF CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER, BECAUSE I’M JUST TRYING TO MAKE
BECAUSE I’M JUST TRYING TO MAKE THE MOST SENSE OF IT.
THE MOST SENSE OF IT. I THINK WHEN YOU TALK ABOUT THE
I THINK WHEN YOU TALK ABOUT THE IMPACT OF WHAT HAPPENED TODAY,
IMPACT OF WHAT HAPPENED TODAY, EVEN WITHOUT US KNOW WLAG THIS
EVEN WITHOUT US KNOW WLAG THIS IS GOING TO DO TO THE KAVANAUGH
IS GOING TO DO TO THE KAVANAUGH CONFIRMATION, I THINK YOU HAVE
CONFIRMATION, I THINK YOU HAVE TO START WITH THIS.
TO START WITH THIS. NOBODY HAS EVER BEEN CONFIRMED
NOBODY HAS EVER BEEN CONFIRMED TO THE FEDERAL JUDICIARY IN THE
TO THE FEDERAL JUDICIARY IN THE UNITED STATES AFTER ANYTHING
UNITED STATES AFTER ANYTHING EVEN CLOSE TO THIS HAPPENED IN
EVEN CLOSE TO THIS HAPPENED IN THE U.S. SENATE WHILE THAT
THE U.S. SENATE WHILE THAT NOMINEE WAS BEING ASSESSED FOR
NOMINEE WAS BEING ASSESSED FOR THE JOB.
THE JOB. >> MY FAMILY AND MY NAME HAVE
>> MY FAMILY AND MY NAME HAVE BEEN TOTALLY AND PERMANENTLY
BEEN TOTALLY AND PERMANENTLY DESTROYED BY VICIOUS AND FALSE
DESTROYED BY VICIOUS AND FALSE SEDITIONAL ACCUSATIONS.
SEDITIONAL ACCUSATIONS. YOU HAVE REPLACED ADVICE AND
YOU HAVE REPLACED ADVICE AND CONSENT WITH SEARCH AND DESTROY.
CONSENT WITH SEARCH AND DESTROY. SINCE MY NOMINATION IN JULY,
SINCE MY NOMINATION IN JULY, THERE HAS BEEN A FRENZY ON THE
THERE HAS BEEN A FRENZY ON THE LEFT TO COME UP WITH SOMETHING,
LEFT TO COME UP WITH SOMETHING, ANYTHING TO BLOCK MY
ANYTHING TO BLOCK MY CONFIRMATION.
CONFIRMATION. PEOPLE HAVE BEEN WILLING TO DO
PEOPLE HAVE BEEN WILLING TO DO ANYTHING TO MAKE ANY PHYSICAL
ANYTHING TO MAKE ANY PHYSICAL THREAT AGAINST MY FAMILY, TO
THREAT AGAINST MY FAMILY, TO SEND ANY VIOLENT E-MAIL TO MY
SEND ANY VIOLENT E-MAIL TO MY WIFE, TO MAKE ANY KIND OF
WIFE, TO MAKE ANY KIND OF ALLEGATION AGAINST ME AND
ALLEGATION AGAINST ME AND AGAINST MY FRIENDS, TO BLOW ME
AGAINST MY FRIENDS, TO BLOW ME UP AND TAKE ME DOWN.
UP AND TAKE ME DOWN. YOU SOWED THE WIND FOR DECADES
YOU SOWED THE WIND FOR DECADES TO COME I FEAR THAT THE WHOLE
TO COME I FEAR THAT THE WHOLE COUNTRY WILL REAP THE WHIRLWIND.
COUNTRY WILL REAP THE WHIRLWIND. THE BEHAVIOR OF SEVERAL OF THE
THE BEHAVIOR OF SEVERAL OF THE DEMOCRATIC MEMBERS OF THIS
DEMOCRATIC MEMBERS OF THIS COMMITTEE AT MY HEARING A FEW
COMMITTEE AT MY HEARING A FEW WEEKS AGO WAS AN EMBARRASSMENT,
WEEKS AGO WAS AN EMBARRASSMENT, BUT AT LEAST IT WAS JUST A GOOD
BUT AT LEAST IT WAS JUST A GOOD OLD-FASHIONED ATTEMPT AT
OLD-FASHIONED ATTEMPT AT BORKING.
BORKING. AT LEAST THOSE EFFORTS DIDN’T
AT LEAST THOSE EFFORTS DIDN’T WORK WHEN I DID AT LEAST OKAY
WORK WHEN I DID AT LEAST OKAY ENOUGH AT THE HEARING THAT IT
ENOUGH AT THE HEARING THAT IT LOOKED LIKE I MIGHT ACTUALLY GET
LOOKED LIKE I MIGHT ACTUALLY GET CONFIRMED, A NEW TACTIC WAS
CONFIRMED, A NEW TACTIC WAS NEEDED.
NEEDED. SOME OF YOU WERE LYING IN WAIT
SOME OF YOU WERE LYING IN WAIT AND HAD IT READY.
AND HAD IT READY. A LONG SERIES OF FALSE
A LONG SERIES OF FALSE LAST-MINUTE SMEARS DESIGNED TO
LAST-MINUTE SMEARS DESIGNED TO SCARE ME AND DRIVE ME OUT OF THE
SCARE ME AND DRIVE ME OUT OF THE PROCESS.
PROCESS. BEFORE ANY HEARING OCCURRED.
BEFORE ANY HEARING OCCURRED. YOU’VE TRIED HARD.
YOU’VE TRIED HARD. YOU’VE GIVEN IT YOUR ALL.
YOU’VE GIVEN IT YOUR ALL. NO ONE CAN QUESTION YOUR EFFORT.
NO ONE CAN QUESTION YOUR EFFORT. WITH YOUR COORDINATED AND WELL
WITH YOUR COORDINATED AND WELL FUNDED EFFORT TO DESTROY MY GOOD
FUNDED EFFORT TO DESTROY MY GOOD NAME AND DESTROY MY FAMILY WILL
NAME AND DESTROY MY FAMILY WILL NOT DRIVE ME OUT.
NOT DRIVE ME OUT. THIS WHOLE TWO-WEEK EFFORT HAS
THIS WHOLE TWO-WEEK EFFORT HAS BEEN A CALK LATED AND
BEEN A CALK LATED AND ORCHESTRATED POLITICAL HIT
ORCHESTRATED POLITICAL HIT FUELED WITH A PARENT PENT UP
FUELED WITH A PARENT PENT UP ANGER ABOUT PRESIDENT TRUMP AND
ANGER ABOUT PRESIDENT TRUMP AND THE 2016 ELECTION, FEAR THAT HAS
THE 2016 ELECTION, FEAR THAT HAS BEEN UNFAIRLY STOKED ABOUT MY
BEEN UNFAIRLY STOKED ABOUT MY JUDICIAL RECORD, REVENGE ON
JUDICIAL RECORD, REVENGE ON BEHALF OF THE CLINTONS.
BEHALF OF THE CLINTONS. >> REVENGE ON BEHALF -- SUPREME
>> REVENGE ON BEHALF -- SUPREME COURT NOMINEE BRETT KAVANAUGH
COURT NOMINEE BRETT KAVANAUGH ISN’T ON THE SUPREME COURT AT
ISN’T ON THE SUPREME COURT AT THIS POINT, BUT HE IS ALREADY A
THIS POINT, BUT HE IS ALREADY A FEDERAL APPEALS COURT JUDGE.
FEDERAL APPEALS COURT JUDGE. A FEDERAL APPEALS COURT JUDGE
A FEDERAL APPEALS COURT JUDGE BEHAVING THAT WAY, SPEAKING THAT
BEHAVING THAT WAY, SPEAKING THAT WAY IN ANY SETTING LET ALONE IN
WAY IN ANY SETTING LET ALONE IN THE SENATE, YELLING LIKE THIS AT
THE SENATE, YELLING LIKE THIS AT U.S. SENATORS, ASIDE FROM
U.S. SENATORS, ASIDE FROM EVERYTHING ELSE THAT HAPPENED
EVERYTHING ELSE THAT HAPPENED TODAY, THIS IS JUST UNHEARD OF
TODAY, THIS IS JUST UNHEARD OF FOR A SITTING JURIST.
FOR A SITTING JURIST. >> IF YOU’RE VERY CONFIDENT OF
>> IF YOU’RE VERY CONFIDENT OF YOUR POSITION AND YOU APPEAR TO
YOUR POSITION AND YOU APPEAR TO BE, WHY AREN’T YOU ALSO ASKING
BE, WHY AREN’T YOU ALSO ASKING THE FBI TO INVESTIGATE THESE
THE FBI TO INVESTIGATE THESE CLAIMS?
CLAIMS? >> SENATOR, I’LL DO WHATEVER THE
>> SENATOR, I’LL DO WHATEVER THE COMMITTEE WANTS.
COMMITTEE WANTS. I WANTED A HEARING THE DAY AFTER
I WANTED A HEARING THE DAY AFTER THE ALLEGATION CAME UP.
THE ALLEGATION CAME UP. I WANTED TO BE HERE THAT DAY.
I WANTED TO BE HERE THAT DAY. INSTEAD, TEN DAYS PASSED WHERE
INSTEAD, TEN DAYS PASSED WHERE ALL THIS NONSENSE IS COMING OUT,
ALL THIS NONSENSE IS COMING OUT, YOU KNOW, THAT I’M IN GANGS, I’M
YOU KNOW, THAT I’M IN GANGS, I’M ON BOATS IN RHODE ISLAND, I’M
ON BOATS IN RHODE ISLAND, I’M COLORADO, I’M SIGHTED ALL OVER
COLORADO, I’M SIGHTED ALL OVER THE PLACE, AND THESE THINGS ARE
THE PLACE, AND THESE THINGS ARE PRINTED AND RUN BREATHLESSLY BY
PRINTED AND RUN BREATHLESSLY BY CABLE NEWS.
CABLE NEWS. YOU KNOW, I WANTED A HEARING THE
YOU KNOW, I WANTED A HEARING THE NEXT DAY.
NEXT DAY. MY FAMILY’S BEEN DESTROYED BY
MY FAMILY’S BEEN DESTROYED BY THIS, SENATOR.
THIS, SENATOR. DESTROYED.
DESTROYED. >> AND --
>> AND -- >> WHATEVER THE COMMITTEE
>> WHATEVER THE COMMITTEE DECIDES, I’M ALL IN,
DECIDES, I’M ALL IN, IMMEDIATELY.
IMMEDIATELY. I’M ALL IN IMMEDIATELY.
I’M ALL IN IMMEDIATELY. I’M HERE.
I’M HERE. I WANTED TO BE HERE -- I WANTED
I WANTED TO BE HERE -- I WANTED TO BE HERE THE NEXT DAY.
TO BE HERE THE NEXT DAY. IT’S AN OUTRAGE THAT I WAS NOT
IT’S AN OUTRAGE THAT I WAS NOT ALLOWED TO COME AND IMMEDIATELY
ALLOWED TO COME AND IMMEDIATELY DEFEND MY NAME AND SAY I DIDN’T
DEFEND MY NAME AND SAY I DIDN’T DO THIS AND GIVE YOU ALL THIS
DO THIS AND GIVE YOU ALL THIS EVIDENCE.
EVIDENCE. I’M NOT EVEN -- I’M NOT EVEN IN
I’M NOT EVEN -- I’M NOT EVEN IN D.C. ON THE WEEKENDS IN THE
D.C. ON THE WEEKENDS IN THE SUMMER OF 1982.
SUMMER OF 1982. THIS HAPPENED ON A WEEKDAY?
THIS HAPPENED ON A WEEKDAY? WHEN I’M NOT AT A BLAIR HIGH
WHEN I’M NOT AT A BLAIR HIGH SCHOOL FOR A GAME, I’M NOT AT
SCHOOL FOR A GAME, I’M NOT AT TOBIN’S HOUSE WORKING OUT, I’M
TOBIN’S HOUSE WORKING OUT, I’M NOT AT A MOVIE WITH SUZANNE?
NOT AT A MOVIE WITH SUZANNE? YOU KNOW, I WANTED TO BE HERE
YOU KNOW, I WANTED TO BE HERE RIGHT AWAY.
RIGHT AWAY. >> WE HEAR FROM THE WITNESS SES,
>> WE HEAR FROM THE WITNESS SES, BUT THE FBI ISN’T INTERVIEWING
BUT THE FBI ISN’T INTERVIEWING THEM AND ISN’T GIVING US ANY
THEM AND ISN’T GIVING US ANY FAX.
FAX. SO ALL WE HAVE --
SO ALL WE HAVE -- >> YOU’RE INTERVIEWING MEMENT
>> YOU’RE INTERVIEWING MEMENT YOU’RE INTERVIEWING ME.
YOU’RE INTERVIEWING ME. YOU’RE DOING IT, SENATOR.
YOU’RE DOING IT, SENATOR. >> WHAT YOU’RE SAYING, IF I
>> WHAT YOU’RE SAYING, IF I UNDERSTAND IT, IS THAT THE
UNDERSTAND IT, IS THAT THE ALLEGATIONS BY DR. FORD, MS.
ALLEGATIONS BY DR. FORD, MS. RAMIREZ, AND MS. SWETNICK ARE
RAMIREZ, AND MS. SWETNICK ARE WRONG.
WRONG. >> THAT IS EMPHATICALLY WHAT I’M
>> THAT IS EMPHATICALLY WHAT I’M SAYING, EMPHATICALLY.
SAYING, EMPHATICALLY. THE SWETNICK THING IS A JOKE
THE SWETNICK THING IS A JOKE THAT IS A FARCE.
THAT IS A FARCE. WELCOME, YOU LIKE TO SAY MORE
WELCOME, YOU LIKE TO SAY MORE ABOUT IT?
ABOUT IT? >> NO.
>> NO. >> OKAY.
>> OKAY. >> THAT’S IT.
>> THAT’S IT. THANK YOU, MR. CHAIRMAN.
THANK YOU, MR. CHAIRMAN. >> MS. MITCHELL?
>> MS. MITCHELL? >> DR. FORD HAS DESCRIBED YOU AS
>> DR. FORD HAS DESCRIBED YOU AS BEING INTOXICATED AT A PARTY.
BEING INTOXICATED AT A PARTY. >> JUDGE KAVANAUGH SEEMED TO BE
>> JUDGE KAVANAUGH SEEMED TO BE SORT OF UNABLE TO CONTROL
SORT OF UNABLE TO CONTROL HIMSELF FOR SOME OF HIS HEARING
HIMSELF FOR SOME OF HIS HEARING THIS AFTERNOON.
THIS AFTERNOON. AND YOU HEARD THE START OF THE
AND YOU HEARD THE START OF THE QUESTIONING THERE THAT CAME
QUESTIONING THERE THAT CAME AFTER.
AFTER. AFTER THAT INTERACTION WITH
AFTER THAT INTERACTION WITH DIANNE FEINSTEIN, SCREAMING AT
DIANNE FEINSTEIN, SCREAMING AT SENATOR FEINSTEIN, NOT REALLY
SENATOR FEINSTEIN, NOT REALLY GETTING HER QUESTIONS AND HE IS
GETTING HER QUESTIONS AND HE IS SORT OF INTERRUPTING, RUNG OFF
SORT OF INTERRUPTING, RUNG OFF ON TANGENTS AND WE DON’T REALLY
ON TANGENTS AND WE DON’T REALLY KNOW WHERE THEY’RE GOING.
KNOW WHERE THEY’RE GOING. HE THEN SEEMS TO GET MIKD UP OR
HE THEN SEEMS TO GET MIKD UP OR SORT OF STUCK ANSWERING
SORT OF STUCK ANSWERING QUESTIONS QUESTIONS ABOUT
QUESTIONS QUESTIONS ABOUT DRINKING.
DRINKING. AND IT’S HARD TO TELL WATCHING
AND IT’S HARD TO TELL WATCHING THIS PART OF THE HEARING,
THIS PART OF THE HEARING, WATCHING HIM TALK ABOUT DRINKING
WATCHING HIM TALK ABOUT DRINKING DURING THIS PART OF THE HEARING
DURING THIS PART OF THE HEARING IF JUDGE KAVANAUGH WAS FINDING
IF JUDGE KAVANAUGH WAS FINDING THOSE PARTICULAR QUESTION JUST
THOSE PARTICULAR QUESTION JUST TOO DIFFICULT TO ANSWER, OR IF
TOO DIFFICULT TO ANSWER, OR IF THEY WEREN’T NECESSARILY HARD
THEY WEREN’T NECESSARILY HARD QUESTIONS, BUT HE WAS JUST
QUESTIONS, BUT HE WAS JUST FINDING IT TOO HARD TO CONTAIN
FINDING IT TOO HARD TO CONTAIN HIMSELF, FINDING IT SO DIFFICULT
HIMSELF, FINDING IT SO DIFFICULT TO CONTAIN HIS EMOTIONS THAT HE
TO CONTAIN HIS EMOTIONS THAT HE JUST COULDN’T GET HIS ANSWERS
JUST COULDN’T GET HIS ANSWERS OUT.
OUT. >> I DRANK BEER WITH MY FRIENDS.
>> I DRANK BEER WITH MY FRIENDS. ALMOST EVERYONE DID.
ALMOST EVERYONE DID. SOMETIMES I HAD TOO MANY BEERS.
SOMETIMES I HAD TOO MANY BEERS. SOMETIMES OTHERS DID.
SOMETIMES OTHERS DID. I LIKED BEER.
I LIKED BEER. I STILL LIKE BEER.
I STILL LIKE BEER. WE DRANK BEER, MY FRIENDS AND I,
WE DRANK BEER, MY FRIENDS AND I, BOYS AND GIRLS, YES.
BOYS AND GIRLS, YES. WE DRANK BEER, LIKED BEER.
WE DRANK BEER, LIKED BEER. I STILL LIKE BEER.
I STILL LIKE BEER. WE DRANK BEER.
WE DRANK BEER. LIKE BEER.
LIKE BEER. >> DO YOU RELATE TO ALCOHOL?
>> DO YOU RELATE TO ALCOHOL? >> I LIKE BEER.
>> I LIKE BEER. I DON’T KNOW, DO YOU LIKE BEER,
I DON’T KNOW, DO YOU LIKE BEER, SENATOR?
SENATOR? WHAT DO YOU LIKE TO DRINK?
WHAT DO YOU LIKE TO DRINK? >> NEXT ONE --
>> NEXT ONE -- >> WHAT DO YOU LIKE?
>> WHAT DO YOU LIKE? WLARKS DO
WLARKS DO >> WHAT DO YOU CONSIDER TO BE
>> WHAT DO YOU CONSIDER TO BE TOO MANY BEERS?
TOO MANY BEERS? >> I DON’T KNOW.
>> I DON’T KNOW. WHATEVER THE CHART SAYS, BLOOD
WHATEVER THE CHART SAYS, BLOOD ALCOHOL CHART.
ALCOHOL CHART. >> SO DRINKING CAME UP
>> SO DRINKING CAME UP REPEATEDLY TODAY FOR A COUPLE OF
REPEATEDLY TODAY FOR A COUPLE OF REASONS.
REASONS. NUMBER ONE, BECAUSE DR.
NUMBER ONE, BECAUSE DR. CHRISTINE BLASEY FORD’S CLAIM
CHRISTINE BLASEY FORD’S CLAIM THAT SHE WAS SEXUALLY ASSAULTED
THAT SHE WAS SEXUALLY ASSAULTED BY BRETT KAVANAUGH WHEN HE WAS
BY BRETT KAVANAUGH WHEN HE WAS 17 IS AN ALLEGATION THAT SHE
17 IS AN ALLEGATION THAT SHE SAYS HAPPENED WHILE KAVANAUGH,
SAYS HAPPENED WHILE KAVANAUGH, IN HER WORDS, WAS STUMBLING
IN HER WORDS, WAS STUMBLING DRUNK.
DRUNK. SO THAT’S ONE REASON WHY
SO THAT’S ONE REASON WHY DRINKING HAS COME UP AROUND THIS
DRINKING HAS COME UP AROUND THIS CONFIRMATION.
CONFIRMATION. THE OTHER REASON DRINKING CAME
THE OTHER REASON DRINKING CAME UP REPEATEDLY TODAY AT THIS
UP REPEATEDLY TODAY AT THIS LAYERING IN PARTICULAR IS
LAYERING IN PARTICULAR IS BECAUSE SINCE THIS SEXUAL
BECAUSE SINCE THIS SEXUAL ASSAULT ALLEGATION AGAINST HIM
ASSAULT ALLEGATION AGAINST HIM AS SURFACED, JUDGE KAVANAUGH HAS
AS SURFACED, JUDGE KAVANAUGH HAS CLAIMED IN TESTIMONY THAT HAS
CLAIMED IN TESTIMONY THAT HAS BEEN INCLUDED IN THE
BEEN INCLUDED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD, AND IT WAS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD, AND IT WAS THEREFORE SUBJECTED TO PAIN OF
THEREFORE SUBJECTED TO PAIN OF PERJURY, HE HAS CLAIMED THAT HE
PERJURY, HE HAS CLAIMED THAT HE HAS NEVER ONCE IN HIS ENTIRE
HAS NEVER ONCE IN HIS ENTIRE LIFE DRUNK TO EXCESS, TO THE
LIFE DRUNK TO EXCESS, TO THE POINT WHERE HE COULDN’T REMEMBER
POINT WHERE HE COULDN’T REMEMBER SOMETHING THAT HAPPENED WHILE HE
SOMETHING THAT HAPPENED WHILE HE WAS DRUNK.
WAS DRUNK. AND THAT HAS BECOME A SOURCE OF
AND THAT HAS BECOME A SOURCE OF CONTROVERSY IN HIS CONFIRMATION
CONTROVERSY IN HIS CONFIRMATION BECAUSE IT HAS BEEN CONTESTED BY
BECAUSE IT HAS BEEN CONTESTED BY KAVANAUGH’S FRIENDS FROM THE
KAVANAUGH’S FRIENDS FROM THE TIME PERIOD IN QUESTION.
TIME PERIOD IN QUESTION. THEY SAY HE WAS KNOWN AS A HEAVY
THEY SAY HE WAS KNOWN AS A HEAVY DRINKER, AND THAT’S NOT THE END
DRINKER, AND THAT’S NOT THE END OF THE WORLD, BUT IF HE IS LYING
OF THE WORLD, BUT IF HE IS LYING ABOUT THAT, THERE IS A QUESTION
ABOUT THAT, THERE IS A QUESTION OF WHY HE IS LYING ABOUT THAT.
OF WHY HE IS LYING ABOUT THAT. THE ISSUE WITH DRINKING ALSO LED
THE ISSUE WITH DRINKING ALSO LED TO SOME OF THE MOST BAFFLED,
TO SOME OF THE MOST BAFFLED, DISJOINT EVEN STRANGE RESPONSES
DISJOINT EVEN STRANGE RESPONSES FROM BRETT KAVANAUGH TODAY,
FROM BRETT KAVANAUGH TODAY, INCLUDING HIM NOT ANSWERING
INCLUDING HIM NOT ANSWERING QUESTIONS FROM SENATOR AMY
QUESTIONS FROM SENATOR AMY KLOBUCHAR AND HIM SORT OF
KLOBUCHAR AND HIM SORT OF CULMINATING THAT EXCHANGE WITH A
CULMINATING THAT EXCHANGE WITH A SERIES OF AGGRESSIVE QUESTIONS
SERIES OF AGGRESSIVE QUESTIONS TO HER WHERE HE APPEARED TO BE
TO HER WHERE HE APPEARED TO BE INSINUATING THAT SHE HAD A
INSINUATING THAT SHE HAD A DRINKING PROBLEM.
DRINKING PROBLEM. >> MOST PEOPLE HAVE DONE SOME
>> MOST PEOPLE HAVE DONE SOME DRINKING IN HIGH SCHOOL AND
DRINKING IN HIGH SCHOOL AND COLLEGE, AND MANY PEOPLE EVEN
COLLEGE, AND MANY PEOPLE EVEN STRUGGLE WITH ALCOHOLISM AND
STRUGGLE WITH ALCOHOLISM AND BINGE DRINKING.
BINGE DRINKING. MY OWN DAD STRUGGLED WITH
MY OWN DAD STRUGGLED WITH ALCOHOLISM MOST OF HIS LIFE, AND
ALCOHOLISM MOST OF HIS LIFE, AND HE GOT IN TROUBLE FOR IT AND
HE GOT IN TROUBLE FOR IT AND THERE WERE CONSEQUENCES.
THERE WERE CONSEQUENCES. HE IS STILL IN AA AT AGE 90, AND
HE IS STILL IN AA AT AGE 90, AND HE IS SOBER, AND IN HIS WORDS,
HE IS SOBER, AND IN HIS WORDS, HE WAS PURSUED BY GRACE, AND
HE WAS PURSUED BY GRACE, AND THAT’S HOW HE GOT THROUGH THIS.
THAT’S HOW HE GOT THROUGH THIS. SO IN YOUR CASE, YOU HAVE SAID
SO IN YOUR CASE, YOU HAVE SAID HERE AND OTHER PLACES THAT YOU
HERE AND OTHER PLACES THAT YOU NEVER DRANK SO MUCH THAT YOU
NEVER DRANK SO MUCH THAT YOU DIDN’T REMEMBER WHAT HAPPENED,
DIDN’T REMEMBER WHAT HAPPENED, BUT YET WE HAVE HEARD, NOT UNDER
BUT YET WE HAVE HEARD, NOT UNDER OATH, BUT WE HAVE HEARD YOUR
OATH, BUT WE HAVE HEARD YOUR COLLEGE ROOMMATE SAY THAT YOU
COLLEGE ROOMMATE SAY THAT YOU DID DRINK FREQUENTLY.
DID DRINK FREQUENTLY. THESE ARE IN NEWS REPORTS, THAT
THESE ARE IN NEWS REPORTS, THAT YOU WOULD SOMETIMES BE
YOU WOULD SOMETIMES BE BELLIGERENT.
BELLIGERENT. ANOTHER CLASSMATE SAID IT’S NOT
ANOTHER CLASSMATE SAID IT’S NOT CREDIBLE FOR YOU TO SAY YOU
CREDIBLE FOR YOU TO SAY YOU DIDN’T HAVE MEMORY LAPSES.
DIDN’T HAVE MEMORY LAPSES. SO DRINKING IS ONE THING.
SO DRINKING IS ONE THING. >> I ACTUALLY DON’T THINK THAT’S
>> I ACTUALLY DON’T THINK THAT’S THE SECOND QUOTE IS CORRECT.
THE SECOND QUOTE IS CORRECT. >> OKAY.
>> OKAY. DRINKING IS ONE THING, BUT THE
DRINKING IS ONE THING, BUT THE CONCERN IS ABOUT TRUTHFULNESS.
CONCERN IS ABOUT TRUTHFULNESS. AND IN YOUR WRITTEN TESTIMONY,
AND IN YOUR WRITTEN TESTIMONY, YOU SAID SOMETIMES YOU HAD TOO
YOU SAID SOMETIMES YOU HAD TOO MANY DRINKS.
MANY DRINKS. WAS THERE EVER A TIME WHEN YOU
WAS THERE EVER A TIME WHEN YOU DRANK SO MUCH THAT YOU COULDN’T
DRANK SO MUCH THAT YOU COULDN’T REMEMBER WHAT HAPPENED OR PART
REMEMBER WHAT HAPPENED OR PART OF WHAT HAPPENED THE NIGHT
OF WHAT HAPPENED THE NIGHT BEFORE?
BEFORE? >> NO.
>> NO. I REMEMBER WHAT HAPPENED, AND I
I REMEMBER WHAT HAPPENED, AND I THINK YOU’VE PROBABLY HAD BEERS
THINK YOU’VE PROBABLY HAD BEERS SENATOR.
SENATOR. >> SO YOU’RE SAYING THERE HAS
>> SO YOU’RE SAYING THERE HAS NEVER BEEN A CASE WHERE YOU
NEVER BEEN A CASE WHERE YOU DRANK SO MUCH THAT YOU DIDN’T
DRANK SO MUCH THAT YOU DIDN’T REMEMBER WHAT HAPPENED THE NIGHT
REMEMBER WHAT HAPPENED THE NIGHT BEFORE OR PART OF WHAT HAPPENED?
BEFORE OR PART OF WHAT HAPPENED? >> YOU’RE ASKING ABOUT BLACKOUT.
>> YOU’RE ASKING ABOUT BLACKOUT. I DON’T KNOW.
I DON’T KNOW. HAVE YOU?
HAVE YOU? >> COULD YOU ANSWER THE
>> COULD YOU ANSWER THE QUESTION, JUDGE?
QUESTION, JUDGE? THAT’S NOT HAPPENED?
THAT’S NOT HAPPENED? IS THAT YOUR ANSWER?
IS THAT YOUR ANSWER? >> YEAH, AND I’M CURIOUS IF YOU
>> YEAH, AND I’M CURIOUS IF YOU HAVE.
HAVE. >> I HAVE NO DRINKING PROBLEM,
>> I HAVE NO DRINKING PROBLEM, JUDGE.
JUDGE. >> NOR DO I.
>> NOR DO I. >> OKAY, THANK YOU.
>> OKAY, THANK YOU. >> JUDGE KAVANAUGH ACTUALLY CAME
>> JUDGE KAVANAUGH ACTUALLY CAME BACK FROM A BREAK AFTER THAT
BACK FROM A BREAK AFTER THAT MOMENT AND APOLOGIZED FOR WHAT
MOMENT AND APOLOGIZED FOR WHAT HE HAD SAID THERE TO SENATOR
HE HAD SAID THERE TO SENATOR KLOBUCHAR.
KLOBUCHAR. IT’S NOT CLEAR TO ME WHY HE SAID
IT’S NOT CLEAR TO ME WHY HE SAID IT AND WHY HE WAS GOING THERE.
IT AND WHY HE WAS GOING THERE. WE’LL TALK WITH SENATOR
WE’LL TALK WITH SENATOR KLOBUCHAR THAN IN A FEW MINUTES.
KLOBUCHAR THAN IN A FEW MINUTES. IF BRETT KAVANAUGH ENDS UP ON
IF BRETT KAVANAUGH ENDS UP ON THE SUPREME COURT, OR IF HE
THE SUPREME COURT, OR IF HE DOESN’T AND HE JUST GOES BACK TO
DOESN’T AND HE JUST GOES BACK TO THE D.C. COURT OF APPEALS, NOT
THE D.C. COURT OF APPEALS, NOT JUST THIS SEXUAL ASSAULT
JUST THIS SEXUAL ASSAULT ALLEGATION LEVIED AGAINST HIM
ALLEGATION LEVIED AGAINST HIM DURING HIS CONFIRMATION PROCESS
DURING HIS CONFIRMATION PROCESS BY CHRISTINE BLASEY FORD, BUT
BY CHRISTINE BLASEY FORD, BUT ALSO THIS SIDE OF BRETT
ALSO THIS SIDE OF BRETT KAVANAUGH THAT HE SHOWED TODAY
KAVANAUGH THAT HE SHOWED TODAY IN THE HEARING ROOM, THIS WILL
IN THE HEARING ROOM, THIS WILL NOW BE A PART OF THE HISTORY OF
NOW BE A PART OF THE HISTORY OF THIS NOMINATION AND OF HIS ROLE
THIS NOMINATION AND OF HIS ROLE IN HISTORY AND HIS ROLE AS A
IN HISTORY AND HIS ROLE AS A JUDGE.
JUDGE. EVEN IF HE STEINES D.C. APPEALS
EVEN IF HE STEINES D.C. APPEALS COURT, BUT ESPECIALLY IF HE GOES
COURT, BUT ESPECIALLY IF HE GOES THE SUPREME COURT, KAVANAUGH’S
THE SUPREME COURT, KAVANAUGH’S BEHAVIOR TODAY IN THIS PUBLIC
BEHAVIOR TODAY IN THIS PUBLIC HEARING WILL CHANGE THE MODERN
HEARING WILL CHANGE THE MODERN PERCEPTION OF THE COURT.
PERCEPTION OF THE COURT. IN AN INDELIBLE WAY, IT WILL
IN AN INDELIBLE WAY, IT WILL CHANGE THE EXPECTATIONS FOR WHAT
CHANGE THE EXPECTATIONS FOR WHAT JUDGES ARE SUPPOSED TO BE LIKE.
JUDGES ARE SUPPOSED TO BE LIKE. NOW IN TERMS OF ASSESSING THE
NOW IN TERMS OF ASSESSING THE SEXUAL ASSAULT ALLEGATION
SEXUAL ASSAULT ALLEGATION AGAINST BRETT KAVANAUGH, WHICH
AGAINST BRETT KAVANAUGH, WHICH WAS THE CAUSE OF TODAY’S
WAS THE CAUSE OF TODAY’S HEARING, THERE WAS A PRETTY
HEARING, THERE WAS A PRETTY TIGHT RANGE IN TERMS OF THINGS
TIGHT RANGE IN TERMS OF THINGS THAT WERE ACTUALLY FOUGHT OVER
THAT WERE ACTUALLY FOUGHT OVER IN THE COMMITTEE ROOM.
IN THE COMMITTEE ROOM. ONE OF THEM THAT WAS FOUGHT OVER
ONE OF THEM THAT WAS FOUGHT OVER AND OVER AGAIN, AND IT’S STILL
AND OVER AGAIN, AND IT’S STILL UNANSWERED IS THE QUESTION OF
UNANSWERED IS THE QUESTION OF WHY REPUBLICANS AND THE WHITE
WHY REPUBLICANS AND THE WHITE HOUSE AND JUDGE KAVANAUGH NOW
HOUSE AND JUDGE KAVANAUGH NOW ARE SO INSISTENT THAT THE FBI
ARE SO INSISTENT THAT THE FBI MUST NOT BE ALLOWED TO REOPEN
MUST NOT BE ALLOWED TO REOPEN THEIR BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION
THEIR BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION OF KAVANAUGH TO GATHER
OF KAVANAUGH TO GATHER STATEMENTS ABOUT THESE
STATEMENTS ABOUT THESE ALLEGATIONS AGAINST HIM THAT
ALLEGATIONS AGAINST HIM THAT HAVE ARISEN DURING THE COURSE OF
HAVE ARISEN DURING THE COURSE OF HIS NOMINATION.
HIS NOMINATION. REPUBLICANS TODAY TRIED A DUAL
REPUBLICANS TODAY TRIED A DUAL TRACK OF ARGUING BOTH THAT THE
TRACK OF ARGUING BOTH THAT THE FBI BACKGROUND CHECK PROCESS IS
FBI BACKGROUND CHECK PROCESS IS NO BIG DEAL, IT WOULDN’T PROVIDE
NO BIG DEAL, IT WOULDN’T PROVIDE ANYTHING HELPFUL ANYWAY, AND AT
ANYTHING HELPFUL ANYWAY, AND AT THE SAME TIME THAT.
THE SAME TIME THAT. >> INSISTED TODAY THAT IT’S VERY
>> INSISTED TODAY THAT IT’S VERY IMPORTANT THAT THIS POINTLESS
IMPORTANT THAT THIS POINTLESS LITTLE NOTHING FBI INVESTIGATION
LITTLE NOTHING FBI INVESTIGATION DEFINITELY SHOULDN’T BE DONE IN
DEFINITELY SHOULDN’T BE DONE IN THIS CASE.
THIS CASE. EVEN THOUGH THIS IS THE WAY IT’S
EVEN THOUGH THIS IS THE WAY IT’S ALWAYS BEEN DONE FOR ALL OTHER
ALWAYS BEEN DONE FOR ALL OTHER NOMINEES.
NOMINEES. IN THE CLARENCE THOMAS/ANITA
IN THE CLARENCE THOMAS/ANITA HILL MATTER, IN THE JOHN TOWER
HILL MATTER, IN THE JOHN TOWER DEFENSE NOMINATION.
DEFENSE NOMINATION. WHENEVER THERE HAVE BEEN
WHENEVER THERE HAVE BEEN LATE-RAISED ALLEGATIONS IN A
LATE-RAISED ALLEGATIONS IN A CONFIRMATION PROCESS, AND THAT
CONFIRMATION PROCESS, AND THAT IS A NOMINEE FOR WHOM THERE IS A
IS A NOMINEE FOR WHOM THERE IS A BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION, THE
BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION, THE BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION GETS
BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION GETS REOPENED.
REOPENED. THEY INSIST THAT MUST NOT HAPPEN
THEY INSIST THAT MUST NOT HAPPEN HERE.
HERE. AND NEWLY TODAY THAT THE FBI
AND NEWLY TODAY THAT THE FBI INVESTIGATION IS NO BIG DEAL.
INVESTIGATION IS NO BIG DEAL. IT’S HARD TO ARGUE BOTH OF THOSE
IT’S HARD TO ARGUE BOTH OF THOSE SIMULTANEOUSLY.
SIMULTANEOUSLY. JUDGE KAVANAUGH HIMSELF, THOUGH,
JUDGE KAVANAUGH HIMSELF, THOUGH, HEWED CLOSE TO THOSE REPUBLICAN
HEWED CLOSE TO THOSE REPUBLICAN ARGUMENTS TODAY, TO THE POINT OF
ARGUMENTS TODAY, TO THE POINT OF BEWILDERMENT FROM ONE DEMOCRATIC
BEWILDERMENT FROM ONE DEMOCRATIC SENATOR.
SENATOR. >> I AM SURE THAT THE CHAIRMAN
>> I AM SURE THAT THE CHAIRMAN AT THAT POINT WILL UNDERSTAND
AT THAT POINT WILL UNDERSTAND THAT THAT IS A REASONABLE
THAT THAT IS A REASONABLE REQUEST TO FINALLY PUT TO REST
REQUEST TO FINALLY PUT TO REST THESE CHARGES IF THEY ARE FALSE
THESE CHARGES IF THEY ARE FALSE OR TO PROVE THEM IF THEY ARE
OR TO PROVE THEM IF THEY ARE NOT.
NOT. YOU SPENT TWO YEARS IN A WHITE
YOU SPENT TWO YEARS IN A WHITE HOUSE OFFICE THAT APPROVED
HOUSE OFFICE THAT APPROVED JUDICIAL NOMINEES.
JUDICIAL NOMINEES. YOU TURNED TO THE FBI OVER AND
YOU TURNED TO THE FBI OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN FOR THEIR
OVER AND OVER AGAIN FOR THEIR WORK.
WORK. LET’S BRING THEM IN HERE AND
LET’S BRING THEM IN HERE AND NOW.
NOW. TURN TO DON McGAHN AND TELL HIM
TURN TO DON McGAHN AND TELL HIM IT’S TIME TO GET THIS DONE.
IT’S TIME TO GET THIS DONE. AN FBI INVESTIGATION THE ONLY
AN FBI INVESTIGATION THE ONLY WAY TO ANSWER SOME OF THESE
WAY TO ANSWER SOME OF THESE QUESTIONS.
QUESTIONS. STOP THE CLOCK.
STOP THE CLOCK. >> THIS COMMITTEE IS RUNNING
>> THIS COMMITTEE IS RUNNING THIS HEARING, NOT THE WHITE
THIS HEARING, NOT THE WHITE HOUSE, NOT DON McGAHN, NOT EVEN
HOUSE, NOT DON McGAHN, NOT EVEN YOU AS A NOMINEE.
YOU AS A NOMINEE. WE ARE HERE TODAY BECAUSE DR.
WE ARE HERE TODAY BECAUSE DR. FORD ASKED FOR AN OPPORTUNITY TO
FORD ASKED FOR AN OPPORTUNITY TO HEAR.
HEAR. >> I WELCOME WHATEVER THE
>> I WELCOME WHATEVER THE COMMITTEE WANTS TO DO BECAUSE
COMMITTEE WANTS TO DO BECAUSE I’M TELLING THE TRUTH.
I’M TELLING THE TRUTH. >> I WANT TO KNOW WHAT YOU WANT
>> I WANT TO KNOW WHAT YOU WANT TO DO.
TO DO. >> I’M TELLING THE TRUTH.
>> I’M TELLING THE TRUTH. I’M INNOCENT.
I’M INNOCENT. I’M INNOCENT OF THIS CHARGE.
I’M INNOCENT OF THIS CHARGE. >> THEN YOU’RE PREPARED FOR AN
>> THEN YOU’RE PREPARED FOR AN INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. >> THEY DON’T REACH CONCLUSIONS.
>> THEY DON’T REACH CONCLUSIONS. YOU REACH THE CONCLUSIONS,
YOU REACH THE CONCLUSIONS, SENATOR.
SENATOR. >> NO THEY DO INVESTIGATE
>> NO THEY DO INVESTIGATE QUESTIONS.
QUESTIONS. AND YOU CAN’T VISIT BOTH WAYS,
AND YOU CAN’T VISIT BOTH WAYS, JUDGE YOU.
JUDGE YOU. CAN’T SAY HERE AT THE BEGINNING
CAN’T SAY HERE AT THE BEGINNING I WELCOME ANY KIND OF
I WELCOME ANY KIND OF INVESTIGATION --
INVESTIGATION -- >> THIS THING WAS SPRUNG ON ME.
>> THIS THING WAS SPRUNG ON ME. THIS THING WAS SPRUNG AT THE
THIS THING WAS SPRUNG AT THE LAST MINUTE AFTER BEING HELD BY
LAST MINUTE AFTER BEING HELD BY STAFF, YOU KNOW.
STAFF, YOU KNOW. >> JUDGE?
>> JUDGE? >> AND I CALL FOR A HEARING
>> AND I CALL FOR A HEARING IMMEDIATELY.
IMMEDIATELY. >> WHY WOULD YOU RESIST THAT
>> WHY WOULD YOU RESIST THAT KIND OF INVESTIGATION?
KIND OF INVESTIGATION? WHOO NGUYEN WOULD YOU RESIST
WHOO NGUYEN WOULD YOU RESIST THAT KIND OF INVESTIGATION?
THAT KIND OF INVESTIGATION? >> SENATOR, I WELCOME -- I
>> SENATOR, I WELCOME -- I WANTED THE HEARING LAST WEEK.
WANTED THE HEARING LAST WEEK. >> I’M ASKING ABOUT THE FBI
>> I’M ASKING ABOUT THE FBI INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. >> THE COMMITTEE FIGURES OUT HOW
>> THE COMMITTEE FIGURES OUT HOW TO ASK THE QUESTIONS.
TO ASK THE QUESTIONS. I’LL DO WHATEVER.
I’LL DO WHATEVER. I’VE BEEN ON THE PHONE MULTIPLE
I’VE BEEN ON THE PHONE MULTIPLE TIMES WITH THE COMMITTEE
TIMES WITH THE COMMITTEE COUNSEL.
COUNSEL. >> JUDGE KAVANAUGH WILL, YOU
>> JUDGE KAVANAUGH WILL, YOU SUPPORT AN FBI INVESTIGATION
SUPPORT AN FBI INVESTIGATION RIGHT NOW?
RIGHT NOW? >>LY DO WHATEVER THE COMMITTEE
>>LY DO WHATEVER THE COMMITTEE WANTS --
WANTS -- >> PERSONALLY, DO YOU THINK
>> PERSONALLY, DO YOU THINK THAT’S THE BEST THING FOR US TO
THAT’S THE BEST THING FOR US TO DO?
DO? YOU WON’T ANSWER?
YOU WON’T ANSWER? >> LOOK, SENATOR, I HAVE SAID I
>> LOOK, SENATOR, I HAVE SAID I WANTED A HEARING, AND I SAID I
WANTED A HEARING, AND I SAID I WOULD WELCOME ANYTHING, I’M
WOULD WELCOME ANYTHING, I’M INNOCENT.
INNOCENT. >> IMMEDIATELY AFTER THAT SORT
>> IMMEDIATELY AFTER THAT SORT OF COLLAPSE ON THE ISSUE OF WHY
OF COLLAPSE ON THE ISSUE OF WHY THE FBI CAN’T LOOK INTO THIS, IT
THE FBI CAN’T LOOK INTO THIS, IT WAS IMMEDIATELY AFTER THAT THAT
WAS IMMEDIATELY AFTER THAT THAT REPUBLICANS ACTUALLY ABANDONED
REPUBLICANS ACTUALLY ABANDONED THEIR WHOLE GAME PLAN FOR HOW
THEIR WHOLE GAME PLAN FOR HOW THIS HEARING WAS GOING TO GO
THIS HEARING WAS GOING TO GO TODAY.
TODAY. IF YOU REMEMBER IF YOU SAW
IF YOU REMEMBER IF YOU SAW ANYTHING IN THE MORNING SESSION
ANYTHING IN THE MORNING SESSION WITH DR. CHRISTINE BLASEY FORD,
WITH DR. CHRISTINE BLASEY FORD, REPUBLICANS SAT SILENTLY THROUGH
REPUBLICANS SAT SILENTLY THROUGH THE ENTIRE MORNING.
THE ENTIRE MORNING. THEY CEDED ALL OF THEIR TIME TO
THEY CEDED ALL OF THEIR TIME TO ASK QUESTIONS TO A SEX CRIMES
ASK QUESTIONS TO A SEX CRIMES PROSECUTOR THEY HAD FLOWN IN FOR
PROSECUTOR THEY HAD FLOWN IN FOR THIS OCCASION FROM ARIZONA.
THIS OCCASION FROM ARIZONA. IN THE AFTERNOON SESSION,
IN THE AFTERNOON SESSION, DEMOCRATIC SENATOR MAZIE HIRONO
DEMOCRATIC SENATOR MAZIE HIRONO ACTUALLY CLARIFIED AT THE
ACTUALLY CLARIFIED AT THE OUTSWEAT THE REPUBLICAN CHAIRMAN
OUTSWEAT THE REPUBLICAN CHAIRMAN THAT AGAIN, LIKE THE MORNING.
THAT AGAIN, LIKE THE MORNING. THAT WOULD ALL CEDE ALL OF THEIR
THAT WOULD ALL CEDE ALL OF THEIR TIME IN THE AFTERNOON TO THAT
TIME IN THE AFTERNOON TO THAT SAME PROSECUTOR, RATHER THAN
SAME PROSECUTOR, RATHER THAN SAYING ANYTHING THEMSELVES TO
SAYING ANYTHING THEMSELVES TO JUDGE KAVANAUGH.
JUDGE KAVANAUGH. CHAIRMAN GRASSLEY CONFIRMED THAT
CHAIRMAN GRASSLEY CONFIRMED THAT WAS THE PLAN FOR THE AFTERNOON
WAS THE PLAN FOR THE AFTERNOON AS WELL, BUT AFTER WHAT JUST
AS WELL, BUT AFTER WHAT JUST HAPPENED THERE WITH DICK DURBIN,
HAPPENED THERE WITH DICK DURBIN, AFTER KAVANAUGH FELL APART UNDER
AFTER KAVANAUGH FELL APART UNDER QUESTIONING ABOUT WHY THERE
QUESTIONING ABOUT WHY THERE CAN’T BE AN INVESTIGATION OF
CAN’T BE AN INVESTIGATION OF THESE CLAIMS AGAINST HIM,
THESE CLAIMS AGAINST HIM, REPUBLICANS THREW THAT PLAN OUT
REPUBLICANS THREW THAT PLAN OUT THE WINDOW AND REPUBLICAN
THE WINDOW AND REPUBLICAN SENATOR LINDSEY GRAHAM CLAIMED
SENATOR LINDSEY GRAHAM CLAIMED BACK HIS TIME THAT HE HAD
BACK HIS TIME THAT HE HAD SUPPOSEDLY ALREADY GIVEN TO THE
SUPPOSEDLY ALREADY GIVEN TO THE PROFESSIONAL PROSECUTOR, AND HE
PROFESSIONAL PROSECUTOR, AND HE GAVE A BIG YELLING SPEECH ABOUT
GAVE A BIG YELLING SPEECH ABOUT HOW THIS WAS A DISASTER, A
HOW THIS WAS A DISASTER, A TERRIBLE DISASTER, AND
TERRIBLE DISASTER, AND REPUBLICAN SENATORS MUST VOTE
REPUBLICAN SENATORS MUST VOTE FOR BRETT KAVANAUGH.
FOR BRETT KAVANAUGH. >> YOU’VE GOT NOTHING TO
>> YOU’VE GOT NOTHING TO APOLOGIZE FOR.
APOLOGIZE FOR. WHEN YOU SEE SOTOMAYOR AND
WHEN YOU SEE SOTOMAYOR AND KAGAN, TELL THEM THAT LINDSEY
KAGAN, TELL THEM THAT LINDSEY SAID HELLO, BECAUSE I VOTED FOR
SAID HELLO, BECAUSE I VOTED FOR THEM.
THEM. I WOULD NEVER DO TO THEM WHAT
I WOULD NEVER DO TO THEM WHAT YOU’VE DONE TO THIS GUY.
YOU’VE DONE TO THIS GUY. THIS IS THE MOST UNETHICAL SHAM
THIS IS THE MOST UNETHICAL SHAM SINCE I’VE BEEN IN POLITICS.
SINCE I’VE BEEN IN POLITICS. TO MY REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES, IF
TO MY REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES, IF YOU VOTE NO, YOU’RE LEGITIMIZING
YOU VOTE NO, YOU’RE LEGITIMIZING THE MOST DESPICABLE THING I HAVE
THE MOST DESPICABLE THING I HAVE SEEN IN MY TIME IN POLITICS.
SEEN IN MY TIME IN POLITICS. YOU WANT THIS SEAT?
YOU WANT THIS SEAT? I HOPE YOU NEVER GET IT.
I HOPE YOU NEVER GET IT. I HOPE YOU’RE ON THE SUPREME
I HOPE YOU’RE ON THE SUPREME COURT.
COURT. THAT’S EXACTLY WHERE YOU SHOULD
THAT’S EXACTLY WHERE YOU SHOULD BE.
BE. >> SO THEY BREAK FORMAT
>> SO THEY BREAK FORMAT COMPLETELY.
COMPLETELY. REPUBLICAN SENATORS HAVE NOT
REPUBLICAN SENATORS HAVE NOT SPOKEN ALL DAY LONG.
SPOKEN ALL DAY LONG. THEY’RE HAVING THIS PROFESSIONAL
THEY’RE HAVING THIS PROFESSIONAL PROSECUTOR DOING IT INSTEAD, BUT
PROSECUTOR DOING IT INSTEAD, BUT SENATOR GRAHAM CLAIMS TIME.
SENATOR GRAHAM CLAIMS TIME. HE HAS ALREADY GIVEN UP HIS
HE HAS ALREADY GIVEN UP HIS TIME.
TIME. HE IS GRANTED TIME FROM
HE IS GRANTED TIME FROM SOMEWHERE, AND SENATOR GRAHAM
SOMEWHERE, AND SENATOR GRAHAM HAS THEM CHANGE WHAT THEY’RE
HAS THEM CHANGE WHAT THEY’RE DOING AND AFTER THAT FROM
DOING AND AFTER THAT FROM SENATOR GRAHAM, THIS REPUBLICAN
SENATOR GRAHAM, THIS REPUBLICAN PROSECUTOR WHO WAS HIRED TO DO
PROSECUTOR WHO WAS HIRED TO DO ALL OF THE QUESTIONS OF ALL OF
ALL OF THE QUESTIONS OF ALL OF THE WITNESSES TODAY, SHE NEVER
THE WITNESSES TODAY, SHE NEVER SPOKE AGAIN.
SPOKE AGAIN. SO THEY USED THE PROFESSOR TODAY
SO THEY USED THE PROFESSOR TODAY TO ASK ALL OF THE QUESTIONS OF
TO ASK ALL OF THE QUESTIONS OF THE ALLEGED VICTIM IN THIS
THE ALLEGED VICTIM IN THIS ALLEGED SEXUAL ASSAULT CASE, BUT
ALLEGED SEXUAL ASSAULT CASE, BUT THEY GAVE UP AFTER A COUCH OF
THEY GAVE UP AFTER A COUCH OF MINUTES WITH THE ALLEGED PURPOSE
MINUTES WITH THE ALLEGED PURPOSE OF THIS SEXUAL ASSAULT AND LATER
OF THIS SEXUAL ASSAULT AND LATER TELLING HIM HE HAD NOTHING TO
TELLING HIM HE HAD NOTHING TO APOLOGIZE FOR.
APOLOGIZE FOR. THEY THEN SHUT UP THE FEMALE
THEY THEN SHUT UP THE FEMALE PROSECUTOR FOR WHOLE REST OF THE
PROSECUTOR FOR WHOLE REST OF THE DAY WHILE THE REPUBLICAN
DAY WHILE THE REPUBLICAN SENATORS ALL WENT ON ONE AFTER
SENATORS ALL WENT ON ONE AFTER ANOTHER TO SPEND THE REST OF THE
ANOTHER TO SPEND THE REST OF THE HEARING MAKING SPEECHES ON HIS
HEARING MAKING SPEECHES ON HIS BEHALF UNTIL THE HEARING ENDED.
BEHALF UNTIL THE HEARING ENDED. SO THAT WAS THE POINT THAT WAS
SO THAT WAS THE POINT THAT WAS THE MOMENT AT WHICH THEY THE
THE MOMENT AT WHICH THEY THE REPUBLICANS SEEMED TO THINK THAT
REPUBLICANS SEEMED TO THINK THAT THINGS WERE GOING SO BADLY FOR
THINGS WERE GOING SO BADLY FOR THIS NOMINATION THAT.
THIS NOMINATION THAT. >> NEEDED TO PULL THE FIRE
>> NEEDED TO PULL THE FIRE ALARM.
ALARM. THEY NEEDED TO DO SOMETHING, AND
THEY NEEDED TO DO SOMETHING, AND THEY DID.
THEY DID. THE WHOLE REST ARE OF THE
THE WHOLE REST ARE OF THE HEARING WAS ANGRY WAR CRY
HEARING WAS ANGRY WAR CRY SPEECHES FROM MALE REPUBLICAN
SPEECHES FROM MALE REPUBLICAN SENATORS INTERSPERSED WITH
SENATORS INTERSPERSED WITH DEMOCRATS ASKING JUDGE KAVANAUGH
DEMOCRATS ASKING JUDGE KAVANAUGH QUESTIONS AND HIM NOT ANSWERING.
QUESTIONS AND HIM NOT ANSWERING. AND I’M SURE REPUBLICANS LIKE
AND I’M SURE REPUBLICANS LIKE THE FEELING OF HOW IT ENDED MUCH
THE FEELING OF HOW IT ENDED MUCH MORE THAN THE WAY IT BEGAN.
MORE THAN THE WAY IT BEGAN. BUT THEY HEAD HOME TONIGHT, OR
BUT THEY HEAD HOME TONIGHT, OR WE’RE TOLD THEY HEAD INTO A BIG
WE’RE TOLD THEY HEAD INTO A BIG REPUBLICAN SENATORS MEETING
REPUBLICAN SENATORS MEETING TONIGHT WITH SOME NEW NEW BIG
TONIGHT WITH SOME NEW NEW BIG PROBLEMS WHEN IT COME THIS
PROBLEMS WHEN IT COME THIS NOMINEE.
NOMINEE. NUMBER ONE, THERE IS A BRAND-NEW
NUMBER ONE, THERE IS A BRAND-NEW TEMPERAMENT ISSUE WITH JUDGE
TEMPERAMENT ISSUE WITH JUDGE KAVANAUGH THAT HAD NOT
KAVANAUGH THAT HAD NOT PREVIOUSLY BEEN AN ISSUE FOR
PREVIOUSLY BEEN AN ISSUE FOR HIM.
HIM. HIM YELLING HOW HOW THIS IS ALL
HIM YELLING HOW HOW THIS IS ALL REVENGE ON BEHALF OF THE
REVENGE ON BEHALF OF THE CLINTONS THAT WAS HIM LETTING
CLINTONS THAT WAS HIM LETTING THE MASK SLIP A LITTLE BIT ABOUT
THE MASK SLIP A LITTLE BIT ABOUT THE KIND OF PARTISAN WARRIOR HE
THE KIND OF PARTISAN WARRIOR HE WAS FOR HIS WHOLE ADULT CAREER
WAS FOR HIS WHOLE ADULT CAREER BEFORE GETTING ON TO THE BENCH.
BEFORE GETTING ON TO THE BENCH. IT’S PART OF WHY IT TOOK THEM
IT’S PART OF WHY IT TOOK THEM YEARS TO CONFIRM HIM TO THE
YEARS TO CONFIRM HIM TO THE BENCH IN THE FIRST PLACE MORE
BENCH IN THE FIRST PLACE MORE THAN TEN YEARS AGO.
THAN TEN YEARS AGO. IT’S WHY HIS INITIAL NOMINATION
IT’S WHY HIS INITIAL NOMINATION FROM THE GEORGE BUSH
FROM THE GEORGE BUSH ADMINISTRATION WAS SO
ADMINISTRATION WAS SO CONFIDENTIAL.
CONFIDENTIAL. THAT HAS LARGELY BEEN ABSENT
THAT HAS LARGELY BEEN ABSENT FROM THIS DEBATE OVER HIS
FROM THIS DEBATE OVER HIS SUPREME COURT NOMINATION, BEFORE
SUPREME COURT NOMINATION, BEFORE NOW.
NOW. BUT NOW THAT ISSUE WILL VERY
BUT NOW THAT ISSUE WILL VERY MUCH BE LIVE, AND IT WILL BE
MUCH BE LIVE, AND IT WILL BE CONTROVERSIAL FOR HIM AS LONG AS
CONTROVERSIAL FOR HIM AS LONG AS HE IS A JUDGE, EVEN IF HE ONLY
HE IS A JUDGE, EVEN IF HE ONLY GOES BACK TO HIS OLD JUDGESHIP
GOES BACK TO HIS OLD JUDGESHIP AND HE DOES NOT ASCEND TO THE
AND HE DOES NOT ASCEND TO THE SUPREME COURT.
SUPREME COURT. THEY WILL ALSO BE NEWLY
THEY WILL ALSO BE NEWLY CONTENDING WITH CREDIBILITY
CONTENDING WITH CREDIBILITY ISSUES WITH JUDGE KAVANAUGH.
ISSUES WITH JUDGE KAVANAUGH. ON OTHER MATTERS WHERE THEY SAID
ON OTHER MATTERS WHERE THEY SAID HE WAS MISLEADING, NEWLY BECAUSE
HE WAS MISLEADING, NEWLY BECAUSE OF TODAY THEY’RE GOING TO BE
OF TODAY THEY’RE GOING TO BE DEALING WITH ISSUES AROUND JUDGE
DEALING WITH ISSUES AROUND JUDGE KAVANAUGH IN THE WAY THAT TENDS
KAVANAUGH IN THE WAY THAT TENDS TO STICK IN THE PUBLIC’S MIND,
TO STICK IN THE PUBLIC’S MIND, WHICH IS WHEN YOU’RE NOT
WHICH IS WHEN YOU’RE NOT CREDIBLE ON STUFF THAT’S SMALL,
CREDIBLE ON STUFF THAT’S SMALL, WHEN YOU SAY THINGS THAT ARE
WHEN YOU SAY THINGS THAT ARE PLAINLY NOT TRUE JUST TO MAKE
PLAINLY NOT TRUE JUST TO MAKE YOURSELF LOOK BETTER OR THE GET
YOURSELF LOOK BETTER OR THE GET OUT OF A JAM OR TO NOT HAVE TO
OUT OF A JAM OR TO NOT HAVE TO ANSWER A BAD QUESTION, NOT
ANSWER A BAD QUESTION, NOT NECESSARILY ON THE BIG STUFF,
NECESSARILY ON THE BIG STUFF, BUT ON THE SMALL STUFF, THE
BUT ON THE SMALL STUFF, THE SMALL OBVIOUSLY DISPROVABLE
SMALL OBVIOUSLY DISPROVABLE STUFF.
STUFF. JUDGE KAVANAUGH TODAY TOLD
JUDGE KAVANAUGH TODAY TOLD SENATOR SHELDON WHITEHOUSE THAT
SENATOR SHELDON WHITEHOUSE THAT YES, WHEN HE WROTE AS A TEENAGER
YES, WHEN HE WROTE AS A TEENAGER ABOUT BEING THE PRESIDENT OF THE
ABOUT BEING THE PRESIDENT OF THE BEACH WEEK RALPH CLUB, YES, THAT
BEACH WEEK RALPH CLUB, YES, THAT WAS A REFERENCE TO THROWING UP.
WAS A REFERENCE TO THROWING UP. BUT THEN HE APPARENTLY THOUGHT
BUT THEN HE APPARENTLY THOUGHT BETTER OF IT AND SAID THE
BETTER OF IT AND SAID THE THROWING UP IN QUESTION HERE,
THROWING UP IN QUESTION HERE, THE REASON HE WOULD BE BARFING
THE REASON HE WOULD BE BARFING AT BEACH WEEK, THE RALPH CLUB IN
AT BEACH WEEK, THE RALPH CLUB IN QUESTION IS PROBABLY BECAUSE OF
QUESTION IS PROBABLY BECAUSE OF HIS WEAK STOMACH, BECAUSE HE
HIS WEAK STOMACH, BECAUSE HE CAN’T TAKE SPICY FOOD.
CAN’T TAKE SPICY FOOD. AND WHO CARES, RIGHT?
AND WHO CARES, RIGHT? UNLESS THAT’S VIOLENTLY AT ODDS
UNLESS THAT’S VIOLENTLY AT ODDS WITH THE OBVIOUS SMALL TRUTH
WITH THE OBVIOUS SMALL TRUTH HERE.
HERE. AND WITH COMMON SENSE.
AND WITH COMMON SENSE. JUDGE KAVANAUGH ALSO EXPLAINING
JUDGE KAVANAUGH ALSO EXPLAINING TODAY IN HIS OPENING STATEMENT
TODAY IN HIS OPENING STATEMENT THAT WHEN HE AND A BUNCH OF HIS
THAT WHEN HE AND A BUNCH OF HIS FOOTBALL BUDDIES ALL LISTED
FOOTBALL BUDDIES ALL LISTED THEMSELVES THROUGHOUT THEIR HIGH
THEMSELVES THROUGHOUT THEIR HIGH SCHOOL YEARBOOK AS, QUOTE,
SCHOOL YEARBOOK AS, QUOTE, ALUMNI OF A GIRL FROM A NEARBY
ALUMNI OF A GIRL FROM A NEARBY SCHOOL, A GIRL WHO THEY SAID IF
SCHOOL, A GIRL WHO THEY SAID IF YOU WERE LATE, DON’T HESITATE,
YOU WERE LATE, DON’T HESITATE, CALL HER TO GET A DATE.
CALL HER TO GET A DATE. THEY’RE ALL CALLING THEMSELVES
THEY’RE ALL CALLING THEMSELVES ALUMNI OF HER NAME.
ALUMNI OF HER NAME. HE SAID TODAY THAT WAS A SIGN OF
HE SAID TODAY THAT WAS A SIGN OF ADMIRATION FOR HER, THEIR
ADMIRATION FOR HER, THEIR COLLECTIVE ADMIRATION FOR HER
COLLECTIVE ADMIRATION FOR HER AND HOW MUCH THEY CONSIDERED HER
AND HOW MUCH THEY CONSIDERED HER TO BE, IN HIS WORDS, ONE OF US.
TO BE, IN HIS WORDS, ONE OF US. WHETHER OR NOT HIS ATTITUDE
WHETHER OR NOT HIS ATTITUDE TOWARD WOMEN AND GIRLS AT THAT
TOWARD WOMEN AND GIRLS AT THAT TIME IN HIS LIFE IS GOING TO BE
TIME IN HIS LIFE IS GOING TO BE SEEN AS RELEVANT TO THE SEXUAL
SEEN AS RELEVANT TO THE SEXUAL ASSAULT ALLEGATION FROM THAT
ASSAULT ALLEGATION FROM THAT TIME THAT HE IS NOW FACING,
TIME THAT HE IS NOW FACING, WHAT’S MORE IMMEDIATELY WRONG
WHAT’S MORE IMMEDIATELY WRONG WITH THAT TODAY IS HE IS TRYING
WITH THAT TODAY IS HE IS TRYING TO GET ON TO THE SUPREME COURT
TO GET ON TO THE SUPREME COURT IS THAT THAT IS JUST AN OBVIOUS
IS THAT THAT IS JUST AN OBVIOUS SMALL SELF-SERVING LIE.
SMALL SELF-SERVING LIE. THAT’S THE KIND OF COWARDLY LIE
THAT’S THE KIND OF COWARDLY LIE ABOUT AN OBVIOUSLY TRUE THING
ABOUT AN OBVIOUSLY TRUE THING THAT MAKES YOU SEEM NOT CREDIBLE
THAT MAKES YOU SEEM NOT CREDIBLE ON ANYTHING.
ON ANYTHING. A SIGN OF ADMIRATION SHOWING HER
A SIGN OF ADMIRATION SHOWING HER THAT SHE -- FOR WHAT IT’S WORTH,
THAT SHE -- FOR WHAT IT’S WORTH, THE WOMAN IN QUESTION WHO WAS
THE WOMAN IN QUESTION WHO WAS THE SUBJECT OF THIS SNEERING
THE SUBJECT OF THIS SNEERING ALUMNI THING FROM KAVANAUGH AND
ALUMNI THING FROM KAVANAUGH AND HIS FRIENDS, SHE DIDN’T TAKE IT
HIS FRIENDS, SHE DIDN’T TAKE IT AS A SIGN OF ADMIRATION OR A
AS A SIGN OF ADMIRATION OR A SIGN THAT ALL THOSE FOOTBALL
SIGN THAT ALL THOSE FOOTBALL PLAYERS THOUGHT THAT SHE WAS ONE
PLAYERS THOUGHT THAT SHE WAS ONE OF THEM.
OF THEM. SHE SAID THIS WEEK, QUOTE, THE
SHE SAID THIS WEEK, QUOTE, THE INSINUATION IS HORRIBLE, HURTFUL
INSINUATION IS HORRIBLE, HURTFUL AND SIMPLY UNTRUE.
AND SIMPLY UNTRUE. I PRAY THEIR DAUGHTERS ARE NEVER
I PRAY THEIR DAUGHTERS ARE NEVER TREATED THIS WAY.
TREATED THIS WAY. SO THERE IS TEMPERAMENT
SO THERE IS TEMPERAMENT PROBLEMS.
PROBLEMS. THERE IS SMALL SCALE CREDIBILITY
THERE IS SMALL SCALE CREDIBILITY PROBLEMS, WHICH ARE SOMETIMES
PROBLEMS, WHICH ARE SOMETIMES THE WORST ONES THERE ARE THE
THE WORST ONES THERE ARE THE KINDS THAT TEND TO STICK, RIGHT,
KINDS THAT TEND TO STICK, RIGHT, ONCE PEOPLE THINK YOU’RE SUPER
ONCE PEOPLE THINK YOU’RE SUPER COMFORTABLE LYING ABOUT EVEN THE
COMFORTABLE LYING ABOUT EVEN THE SMALL STUFF.
SMALL STUFF. BUT THEN THERE IS THE BIG
BUT THEN THERE IS THE BIG FACTUAL PROBLEMS THAT WERE
FACTUAL PROBLEMS THAT WERE RAISED TODAY AROUND THIS SEXUAL
RAISED TODAY AROUND THIS SEXUAL ASSAULT ALLEGATION.
ASSAULT ALLEGATION. ONE WAS THE CLARIFICATION TODAY
ONE WAS THE CLARIFICATION TODAY IN DR. CHRISTINE BLASEY FORD’S
IN DR. CHRISTINE BLASEY FORD’S TESTIMONY ABOUT WHEN THIS
TESTIMONY ABOUT WHEN THIS ALLEGATION WAS MADE,
ALLEGATION WAS MADE, SPECIFICALLY, WHEN SHE TRIED TO
SPECIFICALLY, WHEN SHE TRIED TO RAISE THE ALARM ABOUT BRETT
RAISE THE ALARM ABOUT BRETT KAVANAUGH AND WHAT SHE SAYS WAS
KAVANAUGH AND WHAT SHE SAYS WAS HER EXPERIENCE WITH HIM, SHE
HER EXPERIENCE WITH HIM, SHE SAYS SHE TRIED TO RAISE THE
SAYS SHE TRIED TO RAISE THE ALARM, IN FACT, SHE SHOWED
ALARM, IN FACT, SHE SHOWED TODAY, SHE CONFIRMED THE
TODAY, SHE CONFIRMED THE TIMELINE TODAY THAT SHE TRIED TO
TIMELINE TODAY THAT SHE TRIED TO RAISE THE ALARM ABOUT THIS
RAISE THE ALARM ABOUT THIS INCIDENT BEFORE HE WAS NAMED TO
INCIDENT BEFORE HE WAS NAMED TO THE SUPREME COURT.
THE SUPREME COURT. THE SPARK FOR HER TO ACT, THE
THE SPARK FOR HER TO ACT, THE SPARK FOR HER TO NOTIFY HER
SPARK FOR HER TO NOTIFY HER MEMBER OF CONGRESS ABOUT WHAT
MEMBER OF CONGRESS ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED BETWEEN HER AND BRETT
HAPPENED BETWEEN HER AND BRETT KAVANAUGH, TO TRY TO NOTIFY THE
KAVANAUGH, TO TRY TO NOTIFY THE PRESS, EVEN THOUGH SHE WANT HERD
PRESS, EVEN THOUGH SHE WANT HERD NAME LEFT OUT OF IT IN BOTH
NAME LEFT OUT OF IT IN BOTH INSTANCE, THE CATALYST FOR HER
INSTANCE, THE CATALYST FOR HER GIVING HER STORY TO CONGRESS TO
GIVING HER STORY TO CONGRESS TO LET THE COUNTRY KNOW THIS
LET THE COUNTRY KNOW THIS HAPPENED ABOUT BRETT KAVANAUGH,
HAPPENED ABOUT BRETT KAVANAUGH, THE CATALYST WAS HIM BEING NAMED
THE CATALYST WAS HIM BEING NAMED AS PART OF THE SHORT LIST OF
AS PART OF THE SHORT LIST OF PRESIDENTIAL CONTENDERS FOR THE
PRESIDENTIAL CONTENDERS FOR THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT.
UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT. >> THIS CHANGED IN EARLY JULY
>> THIS CHANGED IN EARLY JULY 2018.
2018. I SAW A PRESS REPORT STATING
I SAW A PRESS REPORT STATING THAT BRETT KAVANAUGH WAS ON THE
THAT BRETT KAVANAUGH WAS ON THE SHORT LIST OF A LIST OF VERY
SHORT LIST OF A LIST OF VERY WELL QUALIFIED SUPREME COURT
WELL QUALIFIED SUPREME COURT NOMINEES.
NOMINEES. I THOUGHT IT WAS MY CIVIC DUTY
I THOUGHT IT WAS MY CIVIC DUTY TO RELAY THE INFORMATION I HAD
TO RELAY THE INFORMATION I HAD ABOUT MR. KAVANAUGH’S CONDUCT SO
ABOUT MR. KAVANAUGH’S CONDUCT SO THAT THOSE CONSIDERING HIS
THAT THOSE CONSIDERING HIS NOMINATION WOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS
NOMINATION WOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS ASSAULT.
ASSAULT. ON JULY 6th, I HAD A SENSE OF
ON JULY 6th, I HAD A SENSE OF URGENCY TO RELAY THE INFORMATION
URGENCY TO RELAY THE INFORMATION TO THE SENATE AND THE PRESIDENT
TO THE SENATE AND THE PRESIDENT AS SOON AS POSSIBLE BEFORE A
AS SOON AS POSSIBLE BEFORE A NOMINEE WAS SELECTED.
NOMINEE WAS SELECTED. I DID NOT KNOW HOW SPECIFICALLY
I DID NOT KNOW HOW SPECIFICALLY TO DO THIS.
TO DO THIS. I CALLED MY CONGRESSIONAL
I CALLED MY CONGRESSIONAL REPRESENTATIVE AND LET HER
REPRESENTATIVE AND LET HER RECEPTIONIST KNOW THAT SOMEONE
RECEPTIONIST KNOW THAT SOMEONE ON THE PRESIDENT’S SHORT LIST
ON THE PRESIDENT’S SHORT LIST HAD ATTACKED ME.
HAD ATTACKED ME. I ALSO SENT A MESSAGE TO THE
I ALSO SENT A MESSAGE TO THE ENCRYPTED "WASHINGTON POST"
ENCRYPTED "WASHINGTON POST" CONFIDENTIAL TIP LINE.
CONFIDENTIAL TIP LINE. I DID NOT USE MY NAME, BUT I
I DID NOT USE MY NAME, BUT I PROVIDED THE NAMES OF BRETT
PROVIDED THE NAMES OF BRETT KAVANAUGH AND MARK JUDGE.
KAVANAUGH AND MARK JUDGE. I STATED THAT MR. KAVANAUGH HAD
I STATED THAT MR. KAVANAUGH HAD ASSAULTED ME IN THE 1980S IN
ASSAULTED ME IN THE 1980S IN MARYLAND.
MARYLAND. >> IF YOU WERE WATCHING THIS IN
>> IF YOU WERE WATCHING THIS IN REALTIME TODAY, THAT MAY HAVE
REALTIME TODAY, THAT MAY HAVE JUST KIND OF SEEMED LIKE LAYING
JUST KIND OF SEEMED LIKE LAYING THIS OUT, WHAT THE ORDER HERE
THIS OUT, WHAT THE ORDER HERE WAS, RIGHT?
WAS, RIGHT? SUPER IMPORTANT.
SUPER IMPORTANT. THIS CLARIFICATION OF THE
THIS CLARIFICATION OF THE TIMELINE, AND IT WAS ACTUALLY
TIMELINE, AND IT WAS ACTUALLY BORN OUT BY EVIDENCE THAT WAS
BORN OUT BY EVIDENCE THAT WAS PUT FORTH TODAY IN THE HEAR,
PUT FORTH TODAY IN THE HEAR, INCLUDING ANY PROSECUTOR WHO THE
INCLUDING ANY PROSECUTOR WHO THE REPUBLICANS HIRED, THIS ISN’T
REPUBLICANS HIRED, THIS ISN’T JUST A DETAIL HERE, THIS ISN’T
JUST A DETAIL HERE, THIS ISN’T JUST LIKE GETTING THE FACTS DOWN
JUST LIKE GETTING THE FACTS DOWN SO WE CAN ALL TALK ABOUT THIS.
SO WE CAN ALL TALK ABOUT THIS. THIS IS ACTUALLY TOTALLY
THIS IS ACTUALLY TOTALLY CRITICAL BECAUSE KAVANAUGH’S
CRITICAL BECAUSE KAVANAUGH’S DEFENSE AND REPUBLICAN SENATORS’
DEFENSE AND REPUBLICAN SENATORS’ DEFENSE OF KAVANAUGH TODAY, THIS
DEFENSE OF KAVANAUGH TODAY, THIS ANGRY CHEST-POUNDING DEFENSE
ANGRY CHEST-POUNDING DEFENSE THAT THEY PUT ON TODAY THAT HE
THAT THEY PUT ON TODAY THAT HE AND ALL THE REPUBLICAN SENATORS
AND ALL THE REPUBLICAN SENATORS DECIDED TO GO WITH WAS ABOUT THE
DECIDED TO GO WITH WAS ABOUT THE TIMING OF THE ALLEGATION.
TIMING OF THE ALLEGATION. >> THIS WHOLE TWO-WEEK EFFORT
>> THIS WHOLE TWO-WEEK EFFORT HAS BEEN A CALCULATED AND
HAS BEEN A CALCULATED AND ORCHESTRATED POLITICAL HIT
ORCHESTRATED POLITICAL HIT FUELED WITH APPARENT PENT-UP
FUELED WITH APPARENT PENT-UP ANGER ABOUT PRESIDENT TRUMP AND
ANGER ABOUT PRESIDENT TRUMP AND THE 2016 ELECTION.
THE 2016 ELECTION. >> NO.
>> NO. NO, ACTUALLY.
NO, ACTUALLY. AND NOT JUST AS A POINT OF
AND NOT JUST AS A POINT OF ARGUMENT, BUT AS A POINT OF
ARGUMENT, BUT AS A POINT OF FACT, WE NOW KNOW, ATTESTED TO
FACT, WE NOW KNOW, ATTESTED TO BY BOTH SIDES THAT CHRISTINE
BY BOTH SIDES THAT CHRISTINE BLASEY FORD CAME FORWARD ABOUT
BLASEY FORD CAME FORWARD ABOUT BRETT KAVANAUGH WHEN SHE FOUND
BRETT KAVANAUGH WHEN SHE FOUND OUT BRETT KAVANAUGH WAS ON THE
OUT BRETT KAVANAUGH WAS ON THE SHORT LIST FOR THE CALL.
SHORT LIST FOR THE CALL. SHE MADE HER CALL.
SHE MADE HER CALL. SHE STARTED TRYING TO ALERT THE
SHE STARTED TRYING TO ALERT THE CONGRESS ABOUT THIS ALLEGED
CONGRESS ABOUT THIS ALLEGED ASSAULT BY BRETT KAVANAUGH
ASSAULT BY BRETT KAVANAUGH BEFORE HE WAS PICKED FOR THE
BEFORE HE WAS PICKED FOR THE SUPREME COURT.
SUPREME COURT. SHE WAS TRYING TO GET THEM TO
SHE WAS TRYING TO GET THEM TO NOT PICK HIM FOR THE SUPREME
NOT PICK HIM FOR THE SUPREME COURT.
COURT. IF SHE HAD BEEN MOTIVATED JUST
IF SHE HAD BEEN MOTIVATED JUST TO STOP A TRUMP SUPREME COURT
TO STOP A TRUMP SUPREME COURT NOMINATION, IF THIS IS SOMETHING
NOMINATION, IF THIS IS SOMETHING SHE WAS DOING BECAUSE SHE WAS
SHE WAS DOING BECAUSE SHE WAS FUELED BY PENT UP ANGER ABOUT
FUELED BY PENT UP ANGER ABOUT PRESIDENT TRUMP IN THE 2016
PRESIDENT TRUMP IN THE 2016 ELECTION, IF SHE WAS JUST TRYING
ELECTION, IF SHE WAS JUST TRYING TO STOP A TRUMP SUPREME COURT
TO STOP A TRUMP SUPREME COURT NOMINATION
NOMINATION NOMINATION, SHE WAS WILLING TO
NOMINATION, SHE WAS WILLING TO MAKE UP A FALSE ALLEGATION ABOUT
MAKE UP A FALSE ALLEGATION ABOUT THE TRUMP NOMINEE IN ORDER TO DO
THE TRUMP NOMINEE IN ORDER TO DO THAT, SHE WOULD HAVE HAD TO WAIT
THAT, SHE WOULD HAVE HAD TO WAIT UNTIL A NOMINEE WAS PICKED.
UNTIL A NOMINEE WAS PICKED. BEFORE SHE CAME FORWARD WITH HER
BEFORE SHE CAME FORWARD WITH HER STORY THAN NOMINEE.
STORY THAN NOMINEE. SHE PROVED TODAY WITH EVIDENCE
SHE PROVED TODAY WITH EVIDENCE CITED BY THE REPUBLICANS’ HIRED
CITED BY THE REPUBLICANS’ HIRED PROSECUTOR THAT SHE EMPHATICALLY
PROSECUTOR THAT SHE EMPHATICALLY DID NOT WAIT TO FIND OUT WHO THE
DID NOT WAIT TO FIND OUT WHO THE NOMINEE WAS FOR THE SUPREME
NOMINEE WAS FOR THE SUPREME COURT SEAT.
COURT SEAT. SHE JUMPED IN AND TRIED TO RAISE
SHE JUMPED IN AND TRIED TO RAISE THE ALARM ABOUT KAVANAUGH
THE ALARM ABOUT KAVANAUGH BECAUSE SHE HAD HAD THIS
BECAUSE SHE HAD HAD THIS EXPERIENCE SPECIFICALLY WITH
EXPERIENCE SPECIFICALLY WITH KAVANAUGH, AND SHE WANTED TO
KAVANAUGH, AND SHE WANTED TO RAISE THE ALARM JUST IN CASE HE
RAISE THE ALARM JUST IN CASE HE MIGHT SERIOUSLY BE UNDER
MIGHT SERIOUSLY BE UNDER CONSIDERATION.
CONSIDERATION. THAT IS A BIG FACTUAL PROBLEM
THAT IS A BIG FACTUAL PROBLEM FOR THE DEFENSE THAT WAS RAISED
FOR THE DEFENSE THAT WAS RAISED FOR KAVANAUGH TODAY.
FOR KAVANAUGH TODAY. RIGHT?
RIGHT? THEY SAID THIS WAS A MADE-UP
THEY SAID THIS WAS A MADE-UP STORY THEY WOULD HAVE USED
STORY THEY WOULD HAVE USED AGAINST ANY NOMINEE.
AGAINST ANY NOMINEE. NO.
NO. SHE CAME FORWARD ABOUT BRETT
SHE CAME FORWARD ABOUT BRETT KAVANAUGH BEFORE HE WAS THE
KAVANAUGH BEFORE HE WAS THE NOMINEE.
NOMINEE. HAD THE PRESIDENT PICKED
HAD THE PRESIDENT PICKED SOMEBODY ELSE OFF THE SHORT
SOMEBODY ELSE OFF THE SHORT LIST, IT’S NOT LIKE HER
LIST, IT’S NOT LIKE HER ALLEGATION WOULD HAVE MORPHED TO
ALLEGATION WOULD HAVE MORPHED TO SUDDENLY BECOME ABOUT SOMEBODY
SUDDENLY BECOME ABOUT SOMEBODY ELSE.
ELSE. HER ALLEGATION WAS ABOUT BRETT
HER ALLEGATION WAS ABOUT BRETT KAVANAUGH UNDER THE PROSPECT
KAVANAUGH UNDER THE PROSPECT THAT HE MIGHT BE NAMED.
THAT HE MIGHT BE NAMED. THAT IS A PROBLEM FOR THE
THAT IS A PROBLEM FOR THE KAVANAUGH DEFENSE, THAT THIS IS
KAVANAUGH DEFENSE, THAT THIS IS ALL SOME HIT JOB DESIGNED TO
ALL SOME HIT JOB DESIGNED TO TAKE OUT WHOEVER WAS GOING TO BE
TAKE OUT WHOEVER WAS GOING TO BE TRUMP’S NOMINEE.
TRUMP’S NOMINEE. THAT’S A PROBLEM, A FACTUAL,
THAT’S A PROBLEM, A FACTUAL, FACTUAL PROBLEM, AS IS THE OTHER